ss Sniper Wolf has described herself as
a hot girl gamer a cosplayer a vlogger
and is now a reaction channel youtuber
who's amassed the following that she
likes to call her Wolf Pack
[Music]
unfortunately for her she also manages
to keep the attention of several
communities of people who want her to
fail who compile slideshow expose zuv
her suspected lies and run alternate
channels to hers and who gather in some
of the darker corners of the Internet to
commiserate over how much they hate her
guts and to keep detailed records of all
of her worst behavior we'll take a
closer look at some of the photos and
videos that sniper wolf is uploaded as
well as some comments she's made about
editing and about other women
and your phony game make sure to get
Adobe polls are pending
[Music]
how did she get here
well she's no stranger to controversy in
fact she's grown with it over time from
her rise to fame after alleging that
another popular gamer girl was faking
her footage to persistent accusations of
her own Call of Duty gameplay being
faked to the recent allegations that
she's been misleading people about her
overwatch gameplay and may have had men
boosting her account while she was
offline look at that jump in points
there's no way I can believe that she
didn't use someone especially after
everything else I talked about too the
text messaging scandal with Vaes censor
where she claimed he'd faked them until
he went to Verizon and had his backups
verified and all of her misguided
attempts to distance herself from
revealing photos again it's not even me
why is this ho in the thumbnail when
it's not even me SS no I proof is the
biggest home in this community as far as
her drama that barely scrapes the
surface it's a lot the more that you
look at her history the more a pattern
starts to emerge of Sniper Wolf calling
someone out for being fake meanwhile
increasing amounts of people suggest
that she's the one faking something but
today will set most of that history
aside in order to talk about editing and
and I'll be joining her in doing some
absolute [__] cosplay this will
probably get a little negative so let's
start with some positives sniper wolf
has a lot of natural advantages and a
lot of strategic pursuits that are going
right for her and you can see how she
would be ticking a lot of the right
boxes to be an Internet star she's by
all accounts an above-average FPS gamer
she's an attractive tomboy who does seem
to enjoy some nerdy activities and she's
dating a neckbeard and all of those
things combine to make her seem maybe
like some sort of modern ideal at the
modern ideal who would also be
attainable for some lucky guy and if you
can get past yelling what price what
price
ashle you win exposed fake ya guys and
the weird baby-talk Ebonics that she's
adopted for YouTube you lyin
but who was you so I wanted to attempt
it then you'll be rewarded by a very
abrasive personality she's so openly
hostile and egomaniacal that she's
managed to persistently alienate herself
from every single community that she
could have easily been part of or a
leader of cosplay gaming YouTube Twitter
overwatch Call of Duty you name the
community that Sniper Wolf has had
something to do with and it already
seems like she's annoyed or insulted a
good cross-section of it when it comes
to Sniper Wolf being called a liar or
toxic like her own merch there's a lot
of smoke there you've probably heard the
phrase where there's smoke there's fire
but in this case what I'm gonna say is
where there's wolf there's sausage
casing play
let's get you a treat you little wolf
once a wolf meets a sausage marries it
sausage starts a business with a
serrated sausage they're inseparable
which is the same for sniper wolf and
her sausage or manager as he puts it and
manage Lee a former youtuber topless
youtuber and call of duty player Evan
sausage in fact we might as well just
address them both as a unit at this
point because her career is his job
Evan has abandoned his own channel his
Twitter account is now used just to
attack Lee as enemies or to retweet her
sexy pictures and so it seems rather
clear that one career split between the
two of them but with her as the public
face is their shared project and because
of their trash-talk approach to
everything it's not always a very happy
project all of the instances of Leah
calling someone either ugly or fat are
too numerous to even go through one by
one there are literally hundreds and
hundreds and hundreds of mean tweets and
bulletin board arguments and Instagram
comments
[Music]
[__] Mexican fish with a very odd
snowy bushy eyebrows but um you said I
have low self-esteem
are you [__] kidding me you stupid
[__] go [__] kill yourself I've seen
your ugly asses you guys are [__]
stupid and you guys have no [__]
lives
really repugnant stuff will come from
her fans and then Lia will click like on
it to encourage it and sometimes the
bullying of girls actually comes from
Evans account like this tweet where he
diagrammed the flaws across the whole
nother females entire body compared to
Lia amazing balance of makeup and
natural beauty disgusting caked on
makeup and whole face my name is ugh
seriously gonna report me like I
guarantee there's gonna be some domestic
abuse reports beautiful natural hair not
me beautiful hair nasty fake hair
perfect natural amazing breasts
disgusting fight kits potentially police
knocking on my door soon perfect hip to
waist ratio no hip to waist ratio
[Music]
stomach
version 10 out of 10 would wife 2 out of
10 would not be disgusting Torah [__]
[__] please neighbors I've just I've
just moved in I don't know why you're
doing this to me
this is 955 in the only families live
around here Sniper Wolf is a person
who's deeply frustrated by how stupid
everybody else is a Twitter search shows
at least 118 times where she's tweeted
at someone to call them an idiot and
those are just the ones she hasn't
deleted yet like the one where she
called me an idiot and then deleted it
all of the grandstanding she does about
how she's real and everyone else is fake
draws more scrutiny and criticism on
herself it's a truly idiotic thing for
her to do and she can't stop only
medical bills you are paying is for that
nose the lips the tits and the ass for a
young woman with thinning eyelashes who
glues and paints parts of her face on
whose lips have been plumped so
thoroughly that they look like a
microwave hot dog about to split its
casing who enlarges her corneas with
contacts who filters her blemish skin so
hard that she looks like a cartoon by
the time she's done it's a bit rich for
her to be calling out other women for
having had work diner calling them fake
and then holding herself up above that
parts of sausage Wolf's image is fake
too and that's okay Leah see you do what
you need to do to make money and to feel
good about yourself and to get attention
and so do other women take it easy I
didn't have to spend thousands and
thousands of dollars to look like this a
bit of editing and knowing your best
angles is normal like in the try-hard
series we studied the way that Jen
Selter cycles through poses and common
ways to edit fitness pics but depending
how poorly you go about it like Tana it
can look a bit silly and depending what
you claim or what excuses you make for
doing it like Sniper Wolf it can make
you look fantastically silly this is one
of the strange things so many of the
things that Leah criticizes other women
for doing she does too except she's
allowed to because she has a doctor's
note sticking your butt out in photos
for Instagram that's a whole thing for
anyone else to do but first sniper wolf
she has lordosis break your back to make
it look like you got a ask pose unless
you got lordosis
I got lordosis so like but I'm standing
shaped by back automatically curves like
this so you can't make fun of me but
it's like damn obviously this wasn't
enough Lea stands the flattering way
that most girls stand on Instagram but
when they do it it's fake and when she
does it it's because she has a medical
condition she has a doctor's note to be
a thot very unusual and yes she's also
had a nose job too but that was to
correct the breathing problem not the
first time ever that that excuse has
been used by the way sniper wolf made it
clear that she had a septoplasty and not
a rhinoplasty where they actually break
your nose in order to change the shape
of it causing black eyes so the whole
point of my surgery I am getting a
septoplasty the I know it sounds like
rhinoplasty which is a nose job which is
for cosmetic purposes so it would be a
shame if leah is one of these rare cases
where the recovery for a septoplasty
gave her a black eye also there must
have been some kind of serious surgical
error since now the bridge of her nose
looks so different - hey if you want to
get a nose job get a nose job but it
seems a little uncalled for to get a
nose job and mock people who get plastic
surgery doesn't that seem a little bit
unfair and like an inconsistent policy
disgusting only fake girls like that Jen
Selter
would get a cosmetic nose job Lia's was
purely a medical condition Leah's nose
job was a medical nose job for
rhinoplasty of sniper wherfore OSIS say
I'm not confident with my body but I
didn't have to spend thousands and
thousands of dollars to look like this
and look if she didn't criticize other
women relentlessly for doing these
things I don't think anyone would care
that she does them there probably
wouldn't be a whole community of people
drawing red circles on her photos trying
to prove that she's tuning them up quick
sidenote so I actually know a plastic
surgeon who does nose
and just to be thorough I sent him a
text message and asked would a
septoplasty and a turbinoplasty which
you normally see a change in the profile
of the nose like you do in this
before-and-after picture and I showed
him how Leah's nose has changed over
time and he wrote back that is
definitely a nose job
he did say that anytime you get into the
nose you can you could end up with
bruising in the face but he he also he
also suggested by his own idea that
looking at those photos she might have
had some work done to her chin so take
it all with with a grain of a
professionals opinion so there's a few
reasons why we're talking about Sniper
Wolf today Evan or Leah or both are
beautifying her content for some reason
she denies that they do and they really
aren't that good at it I don't have time
for that [__] you think I've got time to
take a selfie put it on my computer
Photoshop that send it back to my phone
post it on Instagram hell no I think by
using sausage wolf content as a sort of
jumping-off point people watching this
video can maybe learn a few editing
techniques and dodge some of the common
mistakes that we're about to see while
on a recent vacation SS sausage wolf
posted a couple photos that that I think
are just egregious maybe it's because
they were trying to tune these up on a
phone because they were away from home
or they were sitting out in the Sun with
like a dim screen on their laptop and
they couldn't see what they were doing
but for whatever reason just look at
these absolute disasters the few people
that I've shown these two photos do the
first thing they say is why does she
look like a cartoon let's tackle this
doc photo first
so the mate the major error in this
photo is that it looks like someone has
clone stamp tan overspray onto the wood
onto this dock here it looks like
someone has accidentally erased where
the backside of her knee and thigh make
contact with the wood the leg and the
dock have basically become one
I can't imagine somebody would do this
and think it looks legit and actually
posts it on social media and people
believe it another another part of this
photo that not so legit is the stomach
okay
mess around with the curves a little bit
you can see that the edges of the
stomach are not crisp it's the only part
of the body that's really like that
these pixels on the stomach are weird
they look horizontally stretched which
means they were probably over here
originally and got moved you've been
exposed also overdone is the top of her
nostrils seems to have been erased her
necklace is beginning to disappear into
her neck I'm guessing that something was
stamped on her neck I don't know what
they were fixing maybe a crease if you
hit this heavily filtered photo with an
HDR then you can start to restore a
little bit of the details that you would
have seen now I hate to do this to a
photo I think what the editor probably
wanted to do was get rid of some light
stretch marks at the hip and some
cellulite down at the bottom of the
thigh it's a little mean to do this you
know but don't forget who we're talking
about I tweeted underneath this photo
that I could see a clone stamping
mistake and Lia tweeted at me that I'm
an idiot and that it's just the Ashby
filter the Ashby filter is one of the
default filters in Instagram and it
creates a sort of subtle desaturation
and a golden vintage look
I do believe her that she used that on
this photo overtop of some other work
the Ashby filter just doesn't explain
everything that we're looking at here
the can't stand tall and skinny
smoothing feather in a more subtle way
to do that we'll work on a photo that
Sniper Wolf uploaded to social media
that's only been lightly processed this
photographer doesn't look as concerned
with making Lea look like an absolute
airbrushed cartoon I'm guessing that
probably only a little under I was
corrected here and really not a whole
lot more also I'm guessing just by how
spiracle that bud is there was probably
a little push with liquify here probably
I personally think this is a really nice
photo I don't see anything wrong with
this but let's say you don't agree and
you think you have to edit this or you
have a friend or a client that wants all
cellulite shadows removed from the back
of the thighs here's one way that you
can do that the first thing we're gonna
do is duplicate the layer so that we're
not making a destructive edit then we're
gonna play with the clone stamp by
default your opacity is gonna be set
really high you don't want it that high
you don't want it at 100 you don't want
it in the 70s let's put it down to about
26 hold down the Alt key to select a
sample patch of skin we're just subtly
blending away some of the shadows some
of the perfectly healthy evidence of
cellulite and let's run one of these
skin filters on it and I'll show you
what they do you could use facetune or
in Photoshop you could use a plug-in
like image anomic portraiture under the
detail smoothing panel you can turn up
or turn down on the slider what size
details you want this thing you want
this filter to attack on the lower
panels you can play with things like
saturation and also if we want to add a
little bit of sharpness back to the
picture after we've removed it kind of
covers your tracks a little bit you can
do that you can see side by side on this
one we've got a little little more of a
that cartoonish pin-up look now we have
a reasonably edited photo I think we did
a pretty good job it's not magazine
quality or anything but it also doesn't
scream retouched here's what would
starting back from scratch if we grab
the clone stamp with a high opacity a
large tool size and then stamp outside
the line see look familiar we go back
into portraiture and we turn the detail
smoothing way
sharpness down and now we're getting
something that looks a little more like
what she posted on vacation maybe turn
that down a little bit there that looks
terrible and now it's ready for sniper
Wolf's Instagram not an improvement in
my opinion what looks a little more like
that
what's up Park II you see something
weird is it her thumbnails is it the way
her jaw disappears I don't know it could
just be that she's tucked her chin back
but when it comes to something like this
you're never wrong I would never
recommend going that far and I think
Sniper Wolf herself put it best when she
said you just need a little bit I think
she's right it's certainly with face
tuning and like tucking up a neck
trimming a chin I think you can go too
far if you want to believe that two
adults out in broad daylight could have
skin this soft and fuzzy you can choose
to believe that but skin filters aren't
just for photos most people know about
the common filters for still images and
of course the snapchat filters for short
little videos but there are also skin
smoothing filters for full-size HD video
these filters work hard for their money
too there's a plug-in for Adobe Premiere
and Adobe After Effects called beauty
box it's been around for a while and
here it is in action you can kind of see
how hard it'll work for you
if you want to look glamorous is a
pretty nifty little tool now there's any
number of ways you can do this you can
do it with a plug-in called neat video
by reducing noise I have a feeling the
comments are gonna have a lot of
suggestions of other ways you can do
this but let's look at just one that I
know pretty well within Magic Bullet
Looks
we're gonna drop looks onto some sample
footage here within the tools panel
we're gonna play with a filter called
Cosmo something that you'll pick up once
you've played around with these a little
bit is that you'll get better results
from a skin retouching filter if you
don't have a background and a foreground
that's also kind of skin colored
something Sniper Wolf often does is pose
next to walls and furniture that are
close enough to skin that I think it's
throwing off her skin filter now you can
see the skin finder already thinks that
all of this is skin it thinks the wall
its skin it sees her skin it also sees
the chair it sees their fur carpet say
you have a textured wall like this in
your house and the color is somewhat
close to human skin if you were to use
the Cosmo filter here you might notice
that it's fixing the blemishes of the
wall your whole house can become sniper
wolfed if you go overboard with skin
filters you'll notice that even jewelry
will get corrected like a blemish
leaving let's say the charm just
floating in the middle of your body like
this now this is straight off of sniper
Wolf's Channel this is I haven't
filtered this one yet here it is with a
little extra filter there it is without
it this charm is just sitting there in
the middle of our chest like Tony
Stark's arc reactor and once you get the
hang of how these work and what they're
doing you'll notice them all across TV
across YouTube music videos especially
commercials like makeup commercials
shampoo commercials razor commercials
ooh take a look at this weird sponsored
video that Niki and I made for Dollar
Shave Club and then afterwards I'll show
you how we use the skin filters within
this footage
we have a new member of the Dollar Shave
Club skin smoothing filters might get
you more likes on Instagram but if you
want to feel smooth to the touch
Dollar Shave high quality products have
got you covered from your face cheeks
your butt cheeks for a limited time
Dollar Shave Club is basically giving
away this starter kit to new members
it'll only cost you five bucks the
starter set features the executive razor
and trial size versions of their most
popular products to help you stay fresh
and clean in your first box you'll
receive their shea butter which is not
meant to be eaten the executive razor
features the premium weighty handle and
a full set of cartridges to get you
started you'll also receive their body
wash along with three one wipe Charlie
butt wipes so you could go back to back
to back number two with the confidence
that your butt is still number one
unlike say black steel mullets and
Caterpillar moustaches spending a
fortune on razor blade refills is a
trend that's better off left in the past
so go to dollarshaveclub.com slash nerd
city and try the best grooming products
a man or a woman can get delivered
straight to their door for just a few
bucks a month so that's
dollarshaveclub.com slash nerd City to
redeem this offer or just click the link
because this footage was lit with neon
red and blue the skin finder in Cosmo is
gonna do a really bad job at finding the
skin so instead we're just dropping a
general pop filter over this and then
cranking it way down you can see the
effect of the pop filter here it's
closing up pores a little bit giving
everything a softer more dreamlike feel
if you wanted to go crazy with it and
make it really dream like you just
duplicate that effect a few times and
then you can really overdo it all right
so that's episode one of thought patrol
if you see any youtubers or instagramers
or celebrities who could use a little
thought control feel free to leave a
suggestion in the comments or tag me at
V nerd City on Twitter and I'll take a
look thank you the musician 1990 ex for
letting us use that awesome dance song
in the Dollar Shave commercial and thank
you to Dollar Shave for sponsoring the
video in this channel please do check
out the link below in order to grab the
deal they're offering they'll be happy
to know that ad worked and that you came
through here please do hit like and
subscribe if you're new and Nick
if you'll dance us out
[Music]
[Applause]
Dollar Shave
[Music]
welcome nation